Fixing errors logging, Adding dependencies and link to Up and Running to the README (#84)
tarides/ocaml-platform-installer: README.md

## Trying the Platform

> To install the `ocaml-platform` binary, you'll need the following dependencies: `bzip2`, `make`, `gcc`, `bubblewrap`, `patch`, `curl` and `unzip`. In most architecture, you can install them using your package manager, for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the `ocaml-platform` binary, you'll need the following dependencies: `bzip2`, `make`, `gcc`, `bubblewrap`, `patch`, `curl` and `unzip`. In most architecture, you can install them using your package manager, for example on Ubuntu:
```

I think `gcc` is not strictly necessary, for example `clang` can be used instead.

Also, would it make sense to mention that someo f these are Opam's dependencies ?

Author: Yes, I am not a fan of this incomplete, over-approximated (with gcc) and vague list of dependencies...

On the other hand, I expect that that would be the first problem users might face, if they don't get the right error message (when running in not verbose mode).

I will try to reformulate the sentence taking this into account.
